Okay, we're now being recorded um, thank you so much all for coming. Sorry that I can't be there at the, but I also see that. I don't see a lot of MTI backgrounds. Um, so I'm not the only 1.
2 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Uh, we have a couple of things to go through, um.
3 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
So fast, we last time we talked about this modeling conference, and I was thinking that, maybe at 1 of the meetings where Oman is present, uh, we should all sit together and talk about the upcoming conferences for the next year and maybe make a plan together.
4 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I mean, we have this repository with all the conferences that we were interested. I think.
5 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
End of last year, and, uh, we should update that before, but I think then we should be good to go to discuss, uh, who wants to go where, and we should do that before December so that we can make a budget, um, for that as well. Um.
6 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I heard that Anna Lumen is, uh, was sick for a couple of weeks. That is why we didn't make any progress on taxonomy. Um, but I have a meeting with her next Monday. And if you want something that I discussed before, or if you even want to join.
7 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, it's Monday at 3. um.
8 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, write me an email.
9 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I'll speak now it's shot, um.
10 "Valentin Kriegmair" (2132423168)
Do you need the online, I guess yes. Yes. Um, yeah, so maybe I can just join in and listen or yeah.
11 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, that would be good. Um, can you still write me an email so that I don't forget to invite you. Okay. Um, then I wanted to ask maximian is everything all right with your poster? I, I guess it is.
12 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Yes, it's now officially entrance.
13 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
To here, but, um, you have to drive to the Institute yesterday. They couldn't do it without me.
14 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, I mean, everyone needs to, um.
15 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Quite sensible of them uh, I invited the equity representative, Maria. I'm on a team meeting to present on equity. Um, but she has, like, a week ago. Um, but she hasn't responded and maybe it's just the wrong email.
16 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Oh, no, 1 looks at the equity at email ever. So maybe I follow up on that. Um.
17 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I discussed with Mike that we want to do a Julia workshop at the Institute, because it went so smoothly in Munich. I thought that would be like a nice thing to do and not to, um.
18 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Strenuous fast, um, she's she suggested 2 dates based on, uh, our photo.
19 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
That's apparently I haven't pasted in the email into the agenda. So where do I find that? I don't think I find that uh.
20 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
What someone's you see on that email.
21 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Nope, right. Mm. Hmm. Okay. I, I have to look that up in a minute. Um, maybe you yeah.
22 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I looked that up and then we can decide if we can do it on 1 of the 2 days. Um, I think.
23 "Hannes" (1269292032)
If you want to know yes, the date the date yeah each 210th, 11th and 14+17 uh, November both. Okay.
24 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, and repeat, uh, so, November, right? So we have to.
25 "Hannes" (1269292032)
8 to 10th of November is the 1st period and 14+the 17th of November is the 2nd date. She code.
26 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, so we have basically 4 different dates.